Add example for querying all metadata tables with multichain projects (#353)
subquery/documentation: docs/build/multi-chain.md

    }
  }
```

> To query metadata from all metadata tables you can use the query shown below. There is no arguements to this query, so you cannot filter or sort.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To query metadata from all metadata tables you can use the query shown below. There are no arguments in this query, so you cannot filter or sort.
```
